A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.  Groucho Marx
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.  Groucho Marx
A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running.  Groucho Marx
A man's only as old as the woman he feels.  Groucho Marx
A woman is an occasional pleasure but a cigar is always a smoke.  Groucho Marx
Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse.  Groucho Marx
All people are born alike - except Republicans and Democrats.  Groucho Marx
And I want to thank you for all the enjoyment you've taken out of it.  Groucho Marx
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.  Groucho Marx
Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.  Groucho Marx
Either he's dead or my watch has stopped.  Groucho Marx
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Someday I intend reading it.  Groucho Marx
Getting older is no problem. You just have to live long enough.  Groucho Marx
Go, and never darken my towels again.  Groucho Marx
Humor is reason gone mad.  Groucho Marx
I didn't like the play, but then I saw it under adverse conditions.... the curtain was up.  Groucho Marx
I don't care to belong to a club that accepts people like me as members.  Groucho Marx
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.  Groucho Marx
I have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it.  Groucho Marx
I have had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.  Groucho Marx
I must confess, I was born at a very early age.  Groucho Marx
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.  Groucho Marx
I read in the newspapers they are going to have 30 minutes of intellectual stuff on television every Monday from 7:30 to 8. to educate America. They couldn't educate America if they started at 6:30.  Groucho Marx
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.  Groucho Marx
I remember the first time I had sex - I kept the receipt.  Groucho Marx
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.  Groucho Marx
I wish to be cremated. One tenth of my ashes shall be given to my agent, as written in our contract.  Groucho Marx
I worked my way up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty.  Groucho Marx
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.  Groucho Marx
I'm leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it's not raining.  Groucho Marx
I'm not feeling very well - I need a doctor immediately. Ring the nearest golf course.  Groucho Marx
I've got the brain of a four year old. I'll bet he was glad to be rid of it.  Groucho Marx
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.  Groucho Marx
If I held you any closer I would be on the other side of you.  Groucho Marx
If you've heard this story before, don't stop me, because I'd like to hear it again.  Groucho Marx
In Hollywood, brides keep the bouquets and throw away the groom.  Groucho Marx
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.  Groucho Marx
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?  Groucho Marx
Marry me and I'll never look at another horse!  Groucho Marx
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.  Groucho Marx
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.  Groucho Marx
My favourite poem is the one that starts 'Thirty days hath September' because it actually tells you something.  Groucho Marx
My mother loved children - she would have given anything if I had been one.  Groucho Marx
Next time I see you, remind me not to talk to you.  Groucho Marx
No man goes before his time - unless the boss leaves early.  Groucho Marx
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.  Groucho Marx
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.  Groucho Marx
Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does.  Groucho Marx
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.  Groucho Marx
Practically everybody in New York has half a mind to write a book, and does.  Groucho Marx
Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted.  Groucho Marx
Remember, we're fighting for this woman's honor, which is probably far more than she's ever done!  Groucho Marx
Room service? Send up a larger room.  Groucho Marx
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon. Groucho Marx
The first thing which I can record concerning myself is, that I was born. These are wonderful words. This life, to which neither time nor eternity can bring diminution - this everlasting living soul, began. My mind loses itself in these depths.  Groucho Marx
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.  Groucho Marx
There's one way to find out if a man is honest - ask him. If he says, "Yes," you know he is a crook.  Groucho Marx
Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others.  Groucho Marx
Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.  Groucho Marx
When I was young I was amazed at Plutarch's statement that the elder Cato began at the age of eighty to learn Greek. I am amazed no longer. Old age is ready to undertake tasks that youth shirked because they would take too long.  Groucho Marx
Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes?  Groucho Marx
Whoever named it necking was a poor judge of anatomy.  Groucho Marx
Why a four-year-old child could understand this report. Run out and find me a four-year-old child. I can't make head nor tail out of it.  Groucho Marx
Why should I care about posterity? What's posterity ever done for me?  Groucho Marx
Why was I with her? She reminds me of you. In fact, she reminds me more of you than you do!  Groucho Marx
Why, I'd horse-whip you if I had a horse.  Groucho Marx
Wives are people who feel they don't dance enough.  Groucho Marx
